hey guys what's up shadow wolf here and
welcome to yet another street fighter 4
video now normally I would have friends
over to make videos with me but
unfortunately I couldn't they couldn't
come today because they have to say for
exams and all that crap so I'm super
bored as hell and I had no choice but to
make videos by myself well it's better
than nothing but I want to thank my dude
rock 18 Michael for helping me with this
idea because I called him on the phone
asking him like what kind of video
should i do for today and he's like oh
what the heck why don't you try and do
some street fighter 4 videos I was like
okay cool screw it it's better than
nothing like I said all right anyway I
also want to thank you people for
helping me choose my best character in
this game and a result for that my best
character would be Vega so I want to
practice with them a bit to see if I got
any better okay now for an opponent
should I try cigar no I won't try some
guy because he's a top tier who kicked
my ass I mean he's so skillful because
he's talked to you right right so let's
leave him alone
I guess I'll try Chumley Wow we did this
stage already but I love the music and
read by the time I kick ass music
ok
and the same remember these combos I
damn she keeps on doing caucus attacks I
shouldn't jump so much supertech table
on
yeah gotcha
all right Oh difficulties medium by the
way sorry all the reason why once i get
better I just really wish I had xbox
live this would be so much better than
this
ow
there I go with the jumping again
not where I wanted to go but all right
oh damn rapid kicks yeah that dog'll a
bias what you are
hey
oh I ain't killer bitch
right on brother we're the tide of
battle sir Mike love that yoga I was in
exp
right I'll screw this damn it
all right sorry that was awful I will
try to do better
well I hope you enjoyed it which I
thought you did so I'll cut off here and
see you next time